[opening theme music playing]
[music fades]
[judge] Ms. Mo,
what did you just say?
[unsettling music playing]
There is one more thing you should know.
I murdered someone else.
[people clamoring]
[Eun] As to when, where,
who,
and how,
I will confess all of that at the trial.
The judge won't dismiss it,
as I'll be under oath.
Members of the jury will have no choice
but to serve as witnesses.
[stirring music playing]
Soon enough,
the media is gonna treat it
like a major story.
It doesn't matter
whether people believe it or not.
What matters
is how much interest it stirs.
That's why nobody believed
the story you told.
Your version of the truth
simply wasn't entertaining enough
for them.
But then,
why should I take your word on that?
Just take my word?
Why would you do that?
You just met me.
Only trust your desperation.
That's your sole ally
in this deal we're making.
You have nothing else.
Ms. Mo, who is on trial
for the double homicide
of the dentist couple,
has just confessed to another murder.
Everyone in the courtroom was stunned,
but the defendant remained calm
and continued with her confession.
This major development
has prompted the authorities
to urge the media to refrain
from any excessive speculation,
stating that nothing
has been confirmed yet.
The public, however, is raising questions
about the investigation
that led to the arrest
of the female schoolteacher.
Authorities maintain
that their only commitment
is to uncover what truly happened there.
The unprecedented courtroom confession
left the judges unable
to reach a unanimous verdict.
As a result,
the trial has been delayed indefinitely.
The "witch of the century,"
as she's now dubbed,
has been transferred back
to the Gyeonggi Bukbu Detention Center.
If Ms. Mo's confession is confirmed
to be legitimate,
the authorities who handled the case
will certainly face serious backlash,
not only for failing to protect
a grieving widow
but also for wrongfully branding her
as her husband's killer.
Wait? You really didn't do it?
She wasn't lying.
Holy shit! So it wasn't you, huh?
Those fucking prosecutors.
I can't believe it.
[music fades]
[man 1] Seriously.
How did things get this bad
without any of you noticing?
[inhales, exhales sharply]
Look at you.
An incompetent disgrace
who couldn't find any dirt on the witch.
As for you,
a tyrannical prosecutor
harassing a widow for no reason.
Are you kidding me?
But she's… she's a psychopath.
I mean, the good news
is that she's already in jail.
She's gotta be doing this for attention.
[sighs]
Are you sure about that?
If you're unable to fix this,
will you resign?
[sighs]
Get out now.
Get out, you little shit!
[man 1 sighs]
-Where are you going?
-[door opens]
[door closes]
So who's the killer?
An Yun-su. I promise you that.
You're still confident about that idea?
Explain the witch, then.
We need to figure out
why she's putting on that show.
That show
happened to leave quite an impression
in the court.
If this backfires,
I certainly hope that you're prepared to…
to retire early.
No need to fire me. I'll step down.
[guard 1] 407, let's move.
[door lock clicks]
[sinister string music playing]
-[guard 2] Walk.
-[guard 3] Let's go.
[sinister string music continues]
[music fades]
So you're the one
that they put in jail instead of me.
[guard 3] No talking.
I'm very sorry.
It's my bad, really.
Be quiet, I said.
Chin up. You're going home soon.
407, face forward.
407.
One more word, and I will--
I don't think your husband
deserved to die.
He wasn't such a horrible person, really.
-[guard 3] I told you to stop!
-It's too bad.
I guess you could say
he was pretty unlucky.
[guard 3] Shut it, 407!
[screams]
-Oh! Whoa! Hey! Back off!
-[tense music playing]
[grunting]
[guard 3] Enough!
[breathing heavily]
[muffled scream]
[tense music subsides]
[panting]
[stirring music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[grunts, groans]
[sighs]
[stirring music continues]
Right here, watch. Huh?
I guarantee you,
she was gonna tear her head off.
Without the guards stepping in,
I'm positive the witch was gonna say
goodbye to her ear. I'm telling you.
[sighs]
[door opens]
[recorder beeps]
Thought you'd be bigger than that.
[music fades]
Thank you very much.
[chuckles]
You're here today as a person of interest
in the Schoolteacher Spousal Murder case.
We typically question persons of interest
without their attorney,
but if you'd prefer, I can--
My attorney
stepped down.
I know.
That's why I'm asking.
Would you make a statement
without an attorney?
Why would I decline to make a statement?
I already admitted it in court.
[recorder beeps]
Honestly… I was quite shocked earlier.
You just pounced on her
like a wild animal. I thought…
I really thought it was gonna get bad.
Okay. Hmm.
Where should we begin?
I refuse to speak
without an attorney present.
Hmm.
[sighs]
All we're trying to do today
is confirm a few details.
I said no comment.
[Mr. Hwang] I mean,
she suddenly froze up like a statue.
I offered her something to drink,
but I got nothing.
She wanted nothing to do with me.
I swear to God.
[sighs] What do we do?
Uh,
you should go talk to…
You go in there.
Let her be for now.
She's not my focus today.
I'd rather spend more time with her.
[mysterious ethereal music playing]
[door closes]
[Dong-hun] All right. Let's hear it.
Ms. An's husband, Lee Ki-dae.
How did he die that day?
Tell me everything you did.
I'd like to know what you remember.
Do you?
[sighs]
[music fades]
It looked like…
[rain pattering]
…it was converted from a paint shop.
I walked up the stairs
outside the building
and came to a big door.
Walked a few steps down the hallway
and found another door.
It was slightly open.
[footsteps approaching]
[thunder rumbling]
[thunderclap]
[Dong-hun] And then? Did you get closer
and stab the man?
That's not what I did.
-[stirring music playing]
-I hit him with a wine bottle first.
He looked stronger than me,
so if I didn't stab right,
I'd be the one getting hurt.
Go on.
He stumbled a little
and then just dropped to the floor.
I thought his height might be a problem,
but once he was down,
his neck was perfectly positioned.
I had a scalpel in my bag,
but I looked around,
and there were so many options.
I just grabbed
the first carving knife I saw.
[camera shutters clicking]
-[Mr. Hwang] Let's turn it around.
-Turn it?
[Eun] He was down on his knees,
and I stabbed him right in the neck,
looking straight at him.
-[blade slicing]
-[blood squelching]
-[Ki-dae grunts, groans]
[Dong-hun] How many times?
Face the mannequin.
Stab it six times.
One,
two,
three, four…
Six.
I think.
[music fades]
And after that? What else?
I couldn't wipe down everything
for obvious reasons.
Time being one.
Then I saw the table set up with the wine.
Figured that someone
was gonna arrive soon enough.
So you concealed all of it
and left the studio?
No, I messed around a little.
I grabbed a different carving knife
and threw it next to the body.
[dark strings playing]
[stirring piano music playing]
What about the knife you actually used?
I returned the knife
right where I found it.
Then I hurried up outside.
And as I was making my way
through the rain,
I saw a car at the bottom of the stairs.
[thunderclap]
[thunder rumbling]
[Eun] "Is someone in there?"
"Should I kill them?"
I walked towards them, but then stopped.
"What if it's a big man?"
"What if there's more than one?"
It was dark, pouring like crazy,
and my face was covered.
I figured they wouldn't
be able to identify me,
so I just walked away.
Would you mind… drawing the studio for me?
[sighs]
[music fades]
I'm not good at drawing though.
[ominous music playing]
[paper rustling]
I just remembered something.
I saw a tattoo on his dead body.
It was on his neck.
What was it of?
Someone's face, I think.
[gasps]
Five months later, and yet,
you can still remember
down to the last detail?
[dark pulsing music plays]
I have a really good memory.
[high-pitched ethereal music plays]
Once I've seen something,
it just doesn't go away.
[dark pulsing music playing]
[dark pulsing music continues]
[music intensifies]
[music swells]
[music fades]
Did the media ever report
about the knife you found?
No, sir.
What about the tattoo
and the studio's layout?
[footsteps approaching]
No, sir.
I told you to find holes
in her story. Didn't I?
Not help that psycho prove
she was at the goddamn scene of the crime!
[groans]
[Dong-hun] Chief?
What was the color
of Mr. Hwang's tie today?
What are you getting at?
[groans]
Blue, I think.
I was in a bit of a rush this morning.
[laughs]
[Dong-hun] That woman
perfectly described a room
she saw five months ago.
Everything in her statement was spot-on,
like she had memorized her lines.
[dark suspenseful music playing]
The one thing she never mentioned
is why she did it.
As you know,
a killer's favorite topic is their motive.
She's a psychopath.
Does she need a reason to kill someone?
There's always a motivation.
They select their targets for a reason.
They know exactly why they have to die.
Their actions then become justified.
And they want the whole world to know.
[Eun] As I'm sure you know, little boy,
your mom and dad weren't such good people.
Your crime is being their child.
Then why did you let it slide?
You should've pressed her.
Because it was too hard
to determine if she was lying.
Uh… actually,
we just got a hold
of some new information.
An Yun-su and Mo Eun did a little stint
at the same time in solitary.
Right next to each other.
[dark intriguing music playing]
Sir, we need the judge
to issue a warrant right away.
[music fades]
[door buzzer]
Mobile devices are forbidden.
[footsteps approaching]
[guard 3 breathing heavily]
Didn't expect all of you
to show up at dawn like this.
Got a warrant?
[paper rustles]
[Mr. Hwang] Here it is.
Come in. Let 'em through.
[intriguing music playing]
-[device beeps]
-[door opens]
-[radio beeps]
-We're going in.
Get 'em ready.
[inmate 1] Oh, dear Lord.
Please get me through this ordeal.
[indistinct chattering]
Have a look.
[music fades]
There's no way they'd be able
to talk between cells.
Walls are so thick,
they would have to yell.
We'd hear it from over there.
What if you doze off
or leave for a minute?
Video surveillance isn't limited
to inmates in a facility like this one.
Staff is monitored as well.
And in solitary,
cells are checked every half hour
to prevent potential incidents.
A word or two might slip by,
but there's no way they could've planned
something like that. Not on our watch.
-[radio beeps]
-All right, you can start.
-Okay.
You hear me?
Inspector Shim?
Anything?
[faintly] Can you hear me or not?
Come on, man.
You there?
If you can hear me, say something.
Can you?
I know you lied
about working late last night.
That doctor's appointment was also a lie.
We know you went fishing instead
and posted about it on Instagram.
[Shim] I can hear you and wanna point out
that you also lied to skip work last week.
Loud and clear! I hear you.
-Mr. Baek!
-[radio beeps]
Mr. Baek,
we can talk to each other in here.
Can you hear us?
[radio beeps]
Yes, I can hear you from here.
Come on out.
Mister. [chuckles]
In my cell, you can hear
the next one just fine,
even if they're not yelling.
Day after day, I gotta wake up at dawn
and listen to her pray.
I'm sure she's trying
to receive some blessing or whatever,
but she sounds crazy!
[inmate 1] Really? Cut it out.
Every night you go all… [pants]
-[inmate 4] Fucking bitch. I'm gonna--
-[guard 3] 3216, be quiet.
Which cells are those?
Number 10 and 11.
[radio beeps]
[Dong-hun] Mr. Hwang, move to cell 11.
[door opens]
[Mr. Hwang] Okay.
[door closes]
Sir, can you hear me?
I guess not.
And now?
Seems we're gonna be
working late again, huh?
[intriguing music playing]
Before work today, my wife said
you and I should move in together.
[radio beeps]
I can hear you, Mr. Hwang.
Oh, yeah?
You heard that?
-[radio beeps]
-Try again, closer to the wall, please.
Mr. Baek?
[faintly] Uh, you realize my wife was
just kidding when she said that, right?
Sir?
[volume increases]
Please say something if you can hear me?
Whatever you need, just tell me.
You know I got your back.
Sir?
Please? Answer me?
[door closes]
[intriguing music continues]
[Mr. Hwang] Sir.
I don't think
there's anything wrong with this cell.
What should we do now?
Shared cells. Follow me.
[stirring music playing]
[stirring music continues]
[music fades]
[sighs]
2784, look away.
Do what I tell you.
Let's strip-search every inmate.
But, sir.
That's a direct violation of their rights.
You can't do that.
I'll submit to it.
Want me to do it right here
and see for yourself?
An Yun-su.
Every inmate in cell 5
will be included in this procedure.
-But your warrant doesn't cover this.
-Ms. Eom Ju-young.
You know this can be authorized
by a supervisor.
Only when dealing
with a significant issue.
And this doesn't qualify
as significant in your book?
Right here, right now,
criminals are conspiring.
They're making a mockery
of our judicial system.
You can't prove that yet.
Call the warden, will you?
[sighs, murmurs]
[rustling]
[sighs]
-Take off your underwear.
-I can't believe this fucking shit.
I ain't gonna stand all day,
tits out like this.
Gimme a fucking break, will you?
-Kim Yeong-sun.
-Yeah?
You got four years
in your first trial for assault.
Yeah.
This would be enough to get you one more.
But it isn't mine though.
I was holding it for someone else.
Ugh, damn it.
Hey, let's take it off.
Here, here. Take a gander.
-Go ahead.
-[inmate 5] Fuck this bullshit.
Ugh! So pervy.
[investigator] Keep looking forward.
Where else do you want me to look?
It's not like I got eyes on my ass. Jeez.
[door buzzer]
[Yeong-sun] Jesus Christ.
[groans]
Being a prosecutor doesn't mean
you can treat us like this.
Hate to break it to you,
but not all people are the same.
[inhales sharply]
You trust that woman?
'Cause you might be one thing,
but she's something else entirely.
I promise you that.
[mysterious piano music playing]
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
[Eun] If your husband's killer
was standing right in front of you,
what would you do to them?
I'd kill them.
Tear them into pieces
until there's nothing left.
If I make this confession in court,
I'll become the person
who took your husband's life.
Sooner or later,
you and I will meet again,
whether in court or in here.
[tense music playing]
When we do,
come at me with everything you got.
Pretend you're gonna
rip me to shreds like it's nothing.
Then,
I will take it as a sign
that you've accepted my offer.
[scoffs]
[music swells, fades]
That was so humiliating.
I swear those fucking bastards
all need to die!
Who the fuck do they think they are?
Couldn't even clean up their goddamn mess!
Shit! Shit!
Fucking sons of bitches!
Fucking asshole cocksuckers!
Hey, you! Don't ever let
that bitch-ass prosecutor intimidate you.
Don't let him get into your head, okay?
Yo. Listen!
Is he into you or something?
Why is he going after you
when you didn't do shit?
Guys, I'm sorry.
Why would you be sorry
when you did nothing?
What an idiot. You gotta be kidding me.
When I told her to "rip me to shreds…"
I didn't mean literally.
[mysterious music playing]
[mouse clicks]
[keyboard clacks]
[phone clatters]
[phone line ringing]
Mr. Hwang,
I need you to apply
for a polygraph right away.
[Mr. Hwang] A lie detector test?
You can't do it without their agreement.
Can you?
An Yun-su won't,
but Mo Eun will approve it.
All right, then.
By the way, did you hear?
An Yun-su got herself an attorney.
Since this is a high-profile case,
some big names did express interest,
but instead,
she went with some guy
nobody's ever heard of.
[device buzzing]
[intriguing music playing]
-[wand beeps]
-[guard] Please remove it.
[wand beeps]
-[wand beeps]
-[guard] Empty your back pocket.
[intriguing music continues]
I know what you're thinking.
But don't judge a book by its cover,
will you?
[sighs]
Thank you.
[exhales sharply]
[intriguing music continues]
[Eun] Once public opinion starts to shift,
you need to bring in a new lawyer.
Not a famous one though.
It has to be someone unknown.
You wouldn't want their reputation
to overshadow the injustice you suffered.
And that unknown lawyer
will definitely be ambitious.
-Hold on.
-[music fades]
Uh, why is she wearing cuffs?
Restraints aren't allowed
for internal transfers.
The prosecution
had her flagged as high-risk.
You did this
because a prosecutor told you?
That's a violation of correctional law.
Uncuff her.
[sighs]
[handcuffs rattling]
[guard] How long will this take?
I don't know.
Rest of my day seems to be wide open.
Thank you.
It's nice to meet you, ma'am.
Uh, Jang Jeong-gu. I'm your lawyer.
Hello.
Oh, sit down.
[Yun-su] Okay.
[pages rustling]
[chuckles]
Are you… wondering about my nose?
I did some boxing as a kid
because my dad was really into it.
I wasn't any good though.
Took so many hits, and it flattened,
and got crooked. [laughs]
I'm sorry if I was staring.
I didn't mean to.
No worries.
Some people say it brings good luck.
[chuckles]
Um, yep.
Let's get started.
Hmm.
I heard about some human rights violations
during the prosecution's seizure
last week.
Could you tell me more
about what happened?
Can you get me out of here
before the appeal?
I heard I could be released on bail.
I figured we'd begin with a few jabs,
but you're going straight to the hook.
[chuckles]
Hmm.
If you're accused of murder,
being released on bail is impossible.
What about--
At the same time, I've never seen someone
come forward and claim
they're the real murderer.
Are you… saying there's hope, then?
It won't be simple.
I assume the prosecution
and the court won't rush
to admit they were wrong.
The prosecution
will try to stop it at all costs.
In the eventuality
that the bail request is denied,
it will be used against us at the trial.
I have to get out.
I need your help.
Yes, you can count on me.
I'll make sure
you're reunited with your daughter.
But for that,
I need you to be
completely transparent with me.
Okay.
All right. Let's, uh, start with a jab.
Are you ready?
[pensive music playing]
[clock ticking]
[guard] Visitation hours
will be ending shortly.
Attorneys and inmates
currently in consultation,
please wrap up now.
Uh, all right. Let's call it a day.
Don't forget to eat well.
-Thank you.
-Great.
[music fades]
By the way,
the prosecution wanted me
to take a lie detector test.
[Jeong-gu] I heard you declined.
If you ask me, it shows
that they have nothing substantial.
They're relying on a machine
to turn things around.
You did right.
Ah, and
what did she decide?
Uh, she agreed to it.
Not that she needed to,
but so hard to know with people like that.
They're unpredictable.
We're done here.
[examiner] We'll start with questions
to establish your baseline.
Please, answer
with a simple "yes" or "no."
Is your name Mo Eun?
Yes.
Is your social security number
920717?
Yes.
[beeping]
Is her baseline
supposed to look like that?
[examiner] Her reference points
are a bit above average.
That said, her facial expressions
are remarkably calm.
Don't be fooled by them.
Don't tell me how to do my job.
You two are not even
supposed to be in here.
Yes, I apologize. I will behave.
You're An Yun-su's lawyer.
Why are you even here?
It's part of the investigation.
I've been cleared by the examiner
as long as I observe and stay quiet.
[sighs]
Sh.
[examiner] All right. Let's begin.
[suspenseful music playing]
At the detention center,
did you ever meet An Yun-su?
We might've passed each other
at some point.
[examiner] Please respond
with a "yes" or "no."
I'll rephrase the question.
At the detention center,
did you ever come face-to-face
with An Yun-su?
I did not.
[suspenseful music continues]
[examiner] At the detention center,
did you ever talk to An Yun-su
about Lee Ki-dae's murder?
[high-pitched tone]
[suspenseful music continues]
I did not.
[chuckles]
[examiner] Aside from the dentist couple,
how many people have you killed?
Number one, none.
Number two, one person.
Number three, two people.
Number four,
three or more.
[suspenseful music continues]
Number four.
Wait. Does that mean
she killed other people?
[sighs]
The waveform was even more stable
than when she confirmed her name.
Did you kill Lee Ki-dae,
An Yun-su's husband?
[inhales]
Yes.
-[examiner] That's unusual.
-[sighs]
[inhales sharply]
It's gonna be hard to use this.
-Why'd you kill him?
-What are you doing?
-Let me do it.
-[Jeong-gu] What are you doing?
Let me talk to her!
-[Jeong-gu] Stop it.
-Hey! Just tell me why.
You don't have to use "yes" or "no."
Why did you kill An Yun-su's husband?
-Just tell me.
-[Jeong-gu] Are you kidding me?
[pensive music playing]
Does one need any reason…
to take someone's life?
Cut the crap and give me a good reason
why you had to kill him.
-Come on. That's enough.
-Tell me now!
[chuckles]
I don't want to.
[tense music playing]
[Eun chuckles]
[Eun laughs]
[frustrated sigh]
[laughs]
[music swells, fades]
Look at the graph.
You messed it up real good,
which means the test
is completely meaningless.
-Well, good luck with your investigation.
-[Jeong-gu] Sir, I'm so sorry.
[door closes]
Do you know which answer
had the most stable reading
during this whole test?
"Three or more."
When she admitted to killing more people.
If I were you, that's where I would be
spending my energy.
But instead, you're desperately
trying to disprove her confession?
If you were me?
Yeah.
How impressive.
-[door closes]
-[chuckles]
I could drop you with one punch.
[door closes]
[Velcro ripping]
[Jeong-gu] This case needs
a new, proper investigation.
-[man] So you want me to write about it?
-Yeah.
I was hoping
you'd do me a favor, you know?
…imposed a strip search
on the defendant and her fellow inmates
against the will of their supervisor.
I'll see you tomorrow at 2:00.
Appreciate it.
[reporter on radio]
…and sparked a widespread backlash…
[Jeong-gu] All right, Mr. Seo is in.
Just need to get Ms. Song now.
-…the incident as "dehumanizing."
-[phone buzzing]
Meanwhile, it has been revealed
that during
the prosecution's interrogation…
Mr. Yoon, hi.
Yeah. Yeah.
You read my email?
[reporter on radio]
We're told, despite all of this,
the prosecution disregarded…
The evening news?
Yeah, thank you so much.
All right. I'll see you then.
REPORTER YOON
NINE O'CLOCK NEWS
She painted nudes,
likes to drink, smoke, and dance,
but that doesn't mean she's a murderer.
Since when does being quick to smile
mean you're a killer?
[tense music playing]
However, using the media as cover,
the prosecution doubled down
on these prejudices
and harmful misunderstandings.
They wrongfully accused a mother
of killing her daughter's father,
and in doing so,
took both her parents away.
Even now, after the real killer confessed,
they refuse to return An Yun-su
to her daughter and deny any wrongdoings.
I humbly ask all of you.
Let us move on from this nightmare.
As anyone could be the next An Yun-su.
Four months ago,
she claimed her innocence,
but we, unfortunately,
chose not to listen.
[tense music continues]
The prosecution stood for justice,
but since, a different truth has emerged.
It's too early, of course,
to conclude that Ms. An is innocent.
But we'd be remiss not to mention
that, at the very minimum,
she deserves the opportunity
to stand a fair trial.
And that her young daughter
should be able to live unburdened
by adult conflicts.
An Yun-su has filed for an appeal hearing
and put in a request
to be released on bail.
[music swells, fades]
[phone buzzes]
GANGAN DAILY REPORTER HONG SE-YEONG
SHOULDN'T HAVE DISMISSED
AN UNKNOWN LAWYER'S AMBITION
[phone buzzes]
PUBLIC HAS TURNED AGAINST YOU
SHE'LL HAVE TO BE CONSIDERED FOR BAIL NOW
ANY CARDS LEFT TO PLAY?
[intriguing mysterious music playing]
CHIEF PROSECUTOR SHIN YONG-SEOK
[sighs]
[phone ringing]
-[door closes]
-[music fades]
Here you go.
Thank you.
-[reporter 1] Oh! Here she comes!
-[reporter 2] She's here!
-[reporter 3] An Yun-su!
-[reporter 4] Ms. An Yun-su!
[reporter 5] How does it feel to be out?
Tell us how you feel. Please!
Do you feel vindicated?
What's next for you?
Come on! Please give us something!
[reporter 6] Excuse me! How do you feel?
[muffled clamoring]
[muffled] How about the constitution?
[clamoring continues]
[Jeong-gu] Ms. An!
-[clamoring continues]
-[camera shutters clicking]
-Give us a comment, please.
-Ms. An!
[reporter 5] How does it feel
to be released?
[clamoring continues]
[tense music playing]
[reporter 5] Ms. An, please!
Come here. It's okay.
[clamoring continues]
[car engine starting]
Don't mind them.
[car horn honking]
[tense music continues]
[Eun] There's
someone I didn't get to kill that day.
Someone I should've killed.
When you get out of here,
I want you to kill that person for me.
That's
our deal.
[music fades]
[stirring choral music playing]
[stirring string music playing]
[music swells, fades]
[melodic dreamy ethereal music playing]
[music fades]